hey everybody how's it going infected
zenon here coming at you guys with a
another speed dual matches here i'm
playing some battling boxes battle in
boxes and yeah before we get started
with my commentary of sorts i want to
say a quick shout out to team aps make
sure to go to gentleman to check it out
and by the way I Forbidden Lands here so
my power doesn't get destroyed he
presses but I don't know why he doesn't
attack was idea either but okay so check
out their channel he gave me and you
know and shout out just because this is
awesome and yeah so I really recommend
checking external because I actually
enjoys calm tonight i watch his coffin
all the time it's really informative
really awesome 1080p HD you watch it
your eyes get crisp oh I don't even know
and down yeah so make sure to go ahead
and check out the channel the link is in
the description below and yeah I make a
nice play here that's stupid I think I
was Game two or something have those
lines hey I got book of moon and he goes
master key beetle and on something I
actually but goodnight so he doesn't set
up a lot you know dude doesn't master
key beetle does and yeah
and some lizard special special hug
that's like welven I'm not getting
up so hit the touch make this to
your times actually direwolf and I ex
he's blocked pushing the gates and
destroys a very interesting tech card i
really recommend playing in any
to call it ND mmm was I gonna say I'm
not even sure kind of confused oh yeah
to run it in Annie battlin boxer build
because well um it's just a free effect
negation really in a gate town destroyed
which is even better and reasoning why
the strike blizzard and not and not
master key beetle was for this very same
reason I didn't want to top decking a
monster and then just synchro summoning
for something six like that one HTC site
behemoth something like that that you
know you're talking not to damage cocky
you vanish at my bug and yeah I just
don't want the happening you know and
Lydia because the nasty card is really
poorly designed it's one of those other
poorly designed cards I just like really
and
so I think my place through do my do
what I do and I reason why I leave
Sparrer there is because I wonder if I
top like a switch hitter I definitely
wanted to go ahead and and have a target
on live so here I get my awesome
Watchers and i SAT him to shadow mirrors
add us tonight on a third MST I don't
like the backer and I really like any
phase MS teen ager città cuz I could
have so dumb and same thing with them
del taco and if I reversi grabs over he
opens alert all three games I don't feel
when I became one no he opens a
game-time 3d play it just really fixed
through your bag and do out the other
just dig into your back all that stuff
and he sets one appreciates it's a lot
more than one you don't just set one in
you don't just have one in black week
seems destined how it works verb so then
I just end in we call back if it's
another back row and that so I activate
glasses effect targeting space down
because I'm pretty sure he has a curse
attacks at and I believe he ends up
having it so then I so many things Maxie
that's fine by me I need to rent rolls
and so I did gosh i guess it gets effect
i should just legal damn set that up
mirror force because you know back row
destruction is awesome and another
duality which is just fantastic you know
that's what i love seeing a black
whirlwind sure of solid cards and Xephos
he's already out 27 cards left in his
deck on my 33 and then I just a mirror
force because I don't take no damage at
this point MST attack his facedown he
just said it's an another Air Force
going switch hitter for days I don't
wanna talk as I don't risk anything you
know and I could just easily take
something to set the pot of duality
which is Elizabeth play as well because
it goes to talk to the car
his mom cut really giggles Gail a curse
attacks and you always wanted to touch
the chair first and he drops dark on
like all the all sack and then yeah I
think he'll tk's me Adelitas actually
and this is a bunch of damage I take it
all to the face that's like it's like
I've it or anything and yeah I
make these two equals armor master I
have nothing to do I can something so
why did was I summon blaster just to
crash with dark arms but I really can't
do anything especially with my being
would be sure of a battle so I just
crash I wasn't attacking but it was no
point I was singing like him attacking
to me I had a really good place out of
my head it just didn't end up hooking me
out
so the sum is a shorter like things a
lot more if those colludes
he attacks in the wedge counters makes
it zero a dog-proof a game and I really
got destroyed cold is over the two-bit
hood card for me to handle and I don't
like inside anything for game 3 I was
not feeling the side and go head geared
had to give you the best employee to do
and you know I don't know why I send the
switch hitter to graveyard I think I got
confused i thought switching to my hands
I don't even know what I was thinking he
goes alert her again managing the
Morissette's one clearly has something I
hit his fiendish chain and then I did
something last job because whatever and
then he has a a curse attack he dug its
glass jaw clearly first but then he's
gonna duck Shadowmere instead that's
fine I just wait for toilet 2002 the
face with grass jaw and so Forbidden
Lands cuz you know it's forbidden not to
do so then he goes blizzard to go to the
card HTC slide behemoth I give this I
get my sister back I haven't thought
Cole I'm okay for the Lance I pretty
much I'm game switch over you can get
your maxi is fine by me goa lead yoke I
don't want to get and you
so just like as long as I don't get all
TK time flying to have the lines to
reduce any damage and taking my 17 let
me go switch another Maxine universe
like fantastic I don't want to talk in
to collude so I go lead yoke
my turn and I just want a really good
position we're at 44 but he adds one so
it's five and his favor and many special
scale yeah he's gonna come back and have
to eat 1100 and then dark end dragon
sends degree which was very bad for me I
didn't read it correctly so I was like
guitar things like no nigga it doesn't
say destroy I'm like okay I'm not bad in
my bed and then I got this third section
on the sea I really needed this equal to
do um and I'm glad it does and he's
gonna torrent show me i hate sorrento's
here just fine by me very fine by me and
then I'm just gonna go blaster hit for a
bunch of damage and that's pretty much
it thank you guys so much for watching
be sure to rate come subscribe invicta
zenon sending out thank you guys peace